[Music]
on the point of that night a man's life
is at stake
thing I'm just saying it's possible and
I say it's not possible
I want you to watch this because I don't
want to have to do it again I'll make
myself about six or seven inches shorter
okay it's about right maybe a little
more okay
[Music]
here's what I think happened I'm gonna
be positive about anything I don't
understand you people I mean all these
pretty little point you keep bringing up
they don't mean nothing
[Music]
watch them and pray for someday you may
become one of them 12 men with the smell
of violent death in their nostrils
what's the matter with you guys
you're letting him slip through our
fingers slip through our fingers are you
his executioner
you cut it ever since you walked into
this room even I feel like a
self-appointed public Avenger
you're a sadist 12 men turned into 12
[Music]
[Applause]